README.md, before:

# java_project - Use Eclipse/Netbeans support for Java to run our program.
Use Eclipse/Netbeans Java to run this program (Title called "Sourcejav"), following screenshot is showing this program running and output text. Please install the **newest version of Java (Java 8 update 121)**, because the program only support for Java 8 update 121. Usage *quote required (**JPanel**)* is only support for Java 8 update 121, the Java 9 also support for code "JPanel a = new JPanel()" but Java 9 does not support for code "JPanel a = new JPanel("blah blah blah")". Actually, this code is not using in Java 9, so you do not install Java 9 in this reason, but also you can install Java 8 when you are using "JPanel a = new JPanel("blah blah blah")" on a line. Download Java **8 update 161** also you can do, but safely you just to run the Java 8 update 121.

Alternatively, Eclipse/Netbeans can run like "killall java" to stop your program and Eclipse/Netbeans. This command when Eclipse/Netbeans GUI does not stops working,  do **not** run like "killall java" or "killall -9 java", but if Eclipse/Netbeans stops working, you need to run things like type "killall java" or "killall -9 java". The command "killall -9 java"/"killall java" to close all program written in Java, so do not do it in terminal when it is responding at Eclipse/Netbeans.

If you have an problem, please open an issue on this project (not lincongNMR/java_project). The Java support does not use Eclipse to support Java Application, so you post them as an issue if you have an error and a problem you've encountered on zixuan75/java_project. Issue do not post as you have an question on this project, please post as an comment on a pull request "Beta folder".

Photos are not a instance of all of them code written in Java, it maybe a part, so we don't add all of them code written in Java. So this is why we don't insert photo all of them code written in Java, we insert photo a part of code written in Java, and we don't edit all of them code written in Java. Maintainly, this code isn't correct, so we removed from editing.

Two photos:
![alt text](0a.png "S1: Showing this program's photo.")
![alt text](0b.png "S2: Showing written in Java's codes and output text.")

Those two photos are showing program shows what and program's output is what, does not show the code is what, and this is why we added photo to show what that program shows. But show a part of my code, not all code, because do it does not useful for showing my code written in Java is writing what.

Actually, this screenshot are showing a part of them code written in Java, not all of them code written in Java. It is no longer needed to take a screenshot, see my last sentence that is saying:

> But show a part of my code, not all code, because do it does not useful for showing my code is what.

Because that is not very useful, you can see my code written in Java when you installed Eclipse/Netbeans when you open the Explorer, so this is why we don't take a screenshot of my all is them code written in Java.

We does not have an instance for installation, so we add installation and usage description. I added usage before I added installation.

Following is the usage and installation:
## Installation
If you are no Java, download at here (www.java.com/download) but **need install Java 8 update 121** or please type following command (On Debian/Ubuntu):

> sudo apt-get install openjdk-8-jre

or:

> sudo apt-get install java

-->

If you are no Eclipse/Netbeans, install with following:

### Eclipse:
Download Eclipse at www.eclipse.org or using following command:
> sudo apt-get install eclipse

This command only support for [Debian](www.debian.org)/[Ubuntu](www.ubuntu.com).
### Netbeans:
Download Netbeans at www.netbeans.org or using following command:
> sudo apt-get install netbeans

This command only support for [Debian](www.debian.org)/[Ubuntu](www.ubuntu.com).

If you want to install all of them Eclipse and Netbeans, you also can type following command:

> sudo apt-get install netbeans eclipse

This command only support for [Debian](www.debian.org)/[Ubuntu](www.ubuntu.com). They are rarely install using those command, because it is similar to download it at web site.

or:

Download on website Eclipse(www.eclipse.org) then download on Netbeans(www.netbeans.org).
## Usage

Clone this program please type following command:
> git clone git@github.com:zixuan75/java_project

If it dosen't work, click **Clone or download** button to download.

-->

In Eclipse/Netbeans, import this project. -->

See Problems list in your Eclipse/Netbeans. -->

If it has an error and problem you've encountered, please add a issue instead of edit my code written in Java. -->

Open in Project Explorer , click right of your mouse and Press Run.

Done!
# Others
Java Project is good for running in Debian/Ubuntu, and the ""sudo apt-get"" command is for Debian/Ubuntu. This project is under following usage description:

>   a) Java Project does not add information in working days.

>   b) Java Project has an constructive calendar to see what day is constructive. (If that day is a constructive day, I can see this project.

>   c) Java Project others does not have write permissions in issues to merge, only me can merge and close issues.

>   d) Java Project can see old descriptions when we added description.

Those usages are not a mess, d) saying we can see old description when we adding new description, c) saying issues only me can merge and close, b) saying we have an constructive calender in searching days in https://github.com. a) saying I don't add description on README on my working days, so this is why we called this "disambugation". Why we added that usage, because this project is different to other projects.

If we closed an issue, do not reopen that issue because you are solved an bug or an error you've encountered. It is not good to justify a issue to clarify something at the same time of the calendar problems. The master should be a default branch so the default branch is the master branch, at the same time, that is not possible.

## Add issues and your question on this repository
When you've encountered a problem and a error, please add issue at https://github.com/zixuan75/java_project/issues/new. If you have a question on this repository, please add a comment at https://github.com/zixuan75/java_project/pull/50 (You are adding a comment to "Beta folder" pull request.)

This is not possible when you see where is different, if you see this branch and another branch are different please add a pull request at https://github.com/zixuan75/java_project/compare and choose two branches to start a pull request.

Encountered bugs still can use issue to ask me, I will answer it on your issue. It also need makes sense to add an issue, except pull request, project.
The "Beta folder" pull request is used to add comment when you have a question and so, we created "Beta folder" pull request at newest.

This table is we added some pull requests and issues.
>  open: #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7...
>
>  closed: %1 ...
>
>            # pull request % issue

 - For more details, open pull requests are not a bug so you can add pull request when two branches are different.
 - We added pull requests because two branches are different.
 - We added issues because don't know what i doing and have bugs. Either issues can not solve to merge pull requests on this project.

Just one issue per year for adding newest versions and adding commits. While we add new pull request, this file will be long because we just do to add merge commits.

### Comment issues
When I comment   your issue, you need reply my comment. It is not possible, if I don't reply you how to solve your problem, you try it. So commenting issues are not possible, commenting are reply to your issue. If a command solved your problem, I will close your issue.

It must be comment your issue when you don't have a new challenge can work, if I use a command is work for you, I going to close your issue for my challenge you can work.

Commenting issues are not similar to add a issue when you solved for my challenge, I want going to close your isssue when solved your issue with typing a command. We does not use a bug to add some pull requests on this respository, but if your issne dosen't make sense, I going to close your issue for more description.

## Add a comment on *Beta folder* pull request
Please do not add a question that does not make sense, must be I understanding what are you saying. If I add a question does not make sense, I can delete my comment. If you add an comment does not understand, I have write permission to delete your comment.

Don't forgot your comment needs make sense and I can understand what are you asking. We can merge pull requests or issues and close pull requests or issues this is why we have write permission access to delete your comment.

> I can delete my comment. If you add an comment does not understand, I have write permission to delete your comment.

1. It means we have write permission to access, can delete comment when we don't understand what are you saying.
2. We tell you please add enough description, because we don't allow add we don't understand what are you saying.
### Guide to comment
Replying please add a mention like "@zixuan75", adding new comment on pull requests can not close pull request then comment. If you close *Beta folder* pull request, I will lock this pull request.
#### Add files and comment
Adding files and comment does not make sense to ask question, do not add files then add a comment in pull request. Adding something does not work when we close the *Beta folder* pull request.
#### Deleting comment
Do not delete comment when you create this comment, deleting comment I will lock the *Beta folder* conversation. Deleting comments are not making sense if you created your comment but dosen't solved, but you also can delete your comment when it is solved.

#### Applying commits and comment
You are not need to apply a commit, action to close **a pull request.** At the same time, you can add a different comment when you review your last comment. It is possible to close an comment and solve your problem. Solving problems are not a new pull request like *Beta folder* pull request, deleting comments are either you solved your problem. When you solved a problem, please do not add two comments for applying commits. Applying commits are not useful for comments, and you don't need to apply a commit when you dosen't add something to your pull request.

A problem may be an action to applying a commit, and commenting a pull request. On the other hand, it is not possible to apply a commit because we can apply a commit. The problem is close an comment when you does **not** make sense for your commit.

Commit message:

Changed details of README.
Added more description at README.md, but it is not possible. But I fixed some typo errors.

README.md, after:

# java_project - Use Eclipse/Netbeans support for Java to run our program.
Use Eclipse/Netbeans Java to run this program (Title called "Sourcejav"), following screenshot is showing this program running and output text. Please install the **newest version of Java (Java 8 update 121)**, because the program only support for Java 8 update 121. Usage *quote required (**JPanel**)* is only support for Java 8 update 121, the Java 9 also support for code "JPanel a = new JPanel()" but Java 9 does not support for code "JPanel a = new JPanel("blah blah blah")". Actually, this code is not using in Java 9, so you do not install Java 9 in this reason, but also you can install Java 8 when you are using "JPanel a = new JPanel("blah blah blah")" on a line. Download Java **8 update 161** also you can do, but safely you just to run the Java 8 update 121.

Alternatively, Eclipse/Netbeans can run like "killall java" to stop your program and Eclipse/Netbeans. This command when Eclipse/Netbeans GUI does not stops working,  do **not** run like "killall java" or "killall -9 java", but if Eclipse/Netbeans stops working, you need to run things like type "killall java" or "killall -9 java". The command "killall -9 java"/"killall java" to close all program written in Java, so do not do it in terminal when it is responding at Eclipse/Netbeans.

If you have an problem, please open an issue on this project (not lincongNMR/java_project). The Java support does not use Eclipse to support Java Application, so you post them as an issue if you have an error and a problem you've encountered on zixuan75/java_project. Issue do not post as you have an question on this project, please post as an comment on a pull request "Beta folder".

Photos are not a instance of all of them code written in Java, it maybe a part, so we don't add all of them code written in Java. So this is why we don't insert photo all of them code written in Java, we insert photo a part of code written in Java, and we don't edit all of them code written in Java. Maintainly, this code isn't correct, so we removed from editing.

Two photos:
![alt text](0a.png "S1: Showing this program's photo.")
![alt text](0b.png "S2: Showing written in Java's codes and output text.")

Those two photos are showing program shows what and program's output is what, does not show the code is what, and this is why we added photo to show what that program shows. But show a part of my code, not all code, because do it does not useful for showing my code written in Java is writing what.

Actually, this screenshot are showing a part of them code written in Java, not all of them code written in Java. It is no longer needed to take a screenshot, see my last sentence that is saying:

> But show a part of my code, not all code, because do it does not useful for showing my code is what.

Because that is not very useful, you can see my code written in Java when you installed Eclipse/Netbeans when you open the Explorer, so this is why we don't take a screenshot of my all of them code written in Java. So this is why it is not possible to use all of them code take a photo.

We does not have an instance for installation, so we add installation and usage description. I added usage before I added installation.

Following is the usage and installation:
## Installation
If you are no Java, download at here (www.java.com/download) but **need install Java 8 update 121** or please type following command (On Debian/Ubuntu):

> sudo apt-get install openjdk-8-jre

or:

> sudo apt-get install java

-->

If you are no Eclipse/Netbeans, install within following details:

### Eclipse:
Download Eclipse at www.eclipse.org or using following command:
> sudo apt-get install eclipse

This command only support for [Debian](www.debian.org)/[Ubuntu](www.ubuntu.com).
### Netbeans:
Download Netbeans at www.netbeans.org or using following command:
> sudo apt-get install netbeans

This command only support for [Debian](www.debian.org)/[Ubuntu](www.ubuntu.com).

If you want to install all of them Eclipse and Netbeans, you also can type following command:

> sudo apt-get install netbeans eclipse

This command only support for [Debian](www.debian.org)/[Ubuntu](www.ubuntu.com). They are rarely install using those command, because it is similar to download it at web site.

or:

Download on website Eclipse(www.eclipse.org) then download on Netbeans(www.netbeans.org).
## Usage

Clone this program please type following command:
> git clone git@github.com:zixuan75/java_project

If it dosen't work, click **Clone or download** button to download.

-->

In Eclipse/Netbeans, import this project. -->

See Problems list in your Eclipse/Netbeans. -->

If it has an error and problem you've encountered, please add a issue instead of edit my code written in Java. -->

Open in Project Explorer , click right of your mouse and Press Run.

Done!
# Others
Java Project is good for running in Debian/Ubuntu, and the ""sudo apt-get"" command is for Debian/Ubuntu. This project is under following usage description:

>   a) Java Project does not add information in working days.

>   b) Java Project has an constructive calendar to see what day is constructive. (If that day is a constructive day, I can see this project.

>   c) Java Project others does not have write permissions in issues to merge, only me can merge and close issues.

>   d) Java Project can see old descriptions when we added description.

Those usages are not a mess, d) saying we can see old description when we adding new description, c) saying issues only me can merge and close, b) saying we have an constructive calender in searching days in https://github.com. a) saying I don't add description on README on my working days, so this is why we called this "disambugation". Why we added that usage, because this project is different to other projects.

If we closed an issue, do not reopen that issue because you are solved an bug or an error you've encountered. It is not good to justify a issue to clarify something at the same time of the calendar problems. The master should be a default branch so the default branch is the master branch, at the same time, that is not possible.

## Add issues and your question on this repository
When you've encountered a problem and a error, please add issue at https://github.com/zixuan75/java_project/issues/new. If you have a question on this repository, please add a comment at https://github.com/zixuan75/java_project/pull/50 (You are adding a comment to "Beta folder" pull request.)

This is not possible when you see where is different, if you see this branch and another branch are different please add a pull request at https://github.com/zixuan75/java_project/compare and choose two branches to start a pull request.

Encountered bugs still can use issue to ask me, I will answer it on your issue. It also need makes sense to add an issue, except pull request, project.
The "Beta folder" pull request is used to add comment when you have a question and so, we created "Beta folder" pull request at newest.

This table is we added some pull requests and issues.
>  open: #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7...
>
>  closed: %1 ...
>
>            # pull request % issue

 - For more details, open pull requests are not a bug so you can add pull request when two branches are different.
 - We added pull requests because two branches are different.
 - We added issues because don't know what i doing and have bugs. Either issues can not solve to merge pull requests on this project.

Just one issue per year for adding newest versions and adding commits. While we add new pull request, this file will be long because we just do to add merge commits.

### Comment issues
When I comment   your issue, you need reply my comment. It is not possible, if I don't reply you how to solve your problem, you try it. So commenting issues are not possible, commenting are reply to your issue. If a command solved your problem, I will close your issue.

It must be comment your issue when you don't have a new challenge can work, if I use a command is work for you, I going to close your issue for my challenge you can work.

Commenting issues are not similar to add a issue when you solved for my challenge, I want going to close your isssue when solved your issue with typing a command. We does not use a bug to add some pull requests on this respository, but if your issne dosen't make sense, I going to close your issue for more description.

## Add a comment on *Beta folder* pull request
Please do not add a question that does not make sense, must be I understanding what are you saying. If I add a question does not make sense, I can delete my comment. If you add an comment does not understand, I have write permission to delete your comment.

Don't forgot your comment needs make sense and I can understand what are you asking. We can merge pull requests or issues and close pull requests or issues this is why we have write permission access to delete your comment.

> I can delete my comment. If you add an comment does not understand, I have write permission to delete your comment.

1. It means we have write permission to access, can delete comment when we don't understand what are you saying.
2. We tell you please add enough description, because we don't allow add we don't understand what are you saying.
### Guide to comment
Replying please add a mention like "@zixuan75", adding new comment on pull requests can not close pull request then comment. If you close *Beta folder* pull request, I will lock this pull request.
#### Add files and comment
Adding files and comment does not make sense to ask question, do not add files then add a comment in pull request. Adding something does not work when we close the *Beta folder* pull request.
#### Deleting comment
Do not delete comment when you create this comment, deleting comment I will lock the *Beta folder* conversation. Deleting comments are not making sense if you created your comment but dosen't solved, but you also can delete your comment when it is solved.

#### Applying commits and comment
You are not need to apply a commit, action to close **a pull request.** At the same time, you can add a different comment when you review your last comment. It is possible to close an comment and solve your problem. Solving problems are not a new pull request like *Beta folder* pull request, deleting comments are either you solved your problem. When you solved a problem, please do not add two comments for applying commits. Applying commits are not useful for comments, and you don't need to apply a commit when you dosen't add something to your pull request.

A problem may be an action to applying a commit, and commenting a pull request. On the other hand, it is not possible to apply a commit because we can apply a commit. The problem is close an comment when you does **not** make sense for your commit.
